doc: update release schedule (#2110)
apache/arrow-datafusion: dev/release/README.md

## Branching

### Major Release

> DataFusion have major releases from the `master` branch every 3 months.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataFusion typically has major releases from the `master` branch every 3 months, including breaking API changes. 
```

### Minor Release

> Starting v7.0.0, we experiments on maintaining an active stable release branch (e.g. `maint-7.x`). Every month, we reviews the `maint-*` branch and prepares a minor release (e.g. v7.1.0) when necessary. A patch release (v7.0.1) can be requested on demand if it is urgent bug/security fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting v7.0.0, we are experimenting with maintaining an active stable release branch (e.g. `maint-7.x`). Every month, we will review the `maint-*` branch and prepare a minor release (e.g. v7.1.0) when necessary. A patch release (v7.0.1) can be requested on demand if it is urgent bug/security fix.
```

> How to add changes to `maint-*` branch?
> 1. follow normal workflow to create PR to `master` branch and wait for its approval and merges.
> 2. after PR is sqush merged to `master`, branch from most recent maintaince branch (e.g. `maint-7-x`), cherry-pick the commit and create a PR to maintaince branch (e.g. `maint-7-x`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to add changes to `maint-*` branch?
If you would like to propose your change for inclusion in the maintenance branch
1. follow normal workflow to create PR to `master` branch and wait for its approval and merges.
2. after PR is squash merged to `master`, branch from most recent maintenance branch (e.g. `maint-7-x`), cherry-pick the commit and create a PR to maintenance branch (e.g. `maint-7-x`).
```
